add FirestoreTemplate docs (#2480)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/firestore.adoc

This annotation is optional, by default the collection name is derived from the class name.

`@DocumentId` annotation marks a field to be used as document id. This annotation is required.

> If the value is null, and the property type is `String`, the Id is generated automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If the property annotated with `@DocumentId` is `null` and the property type is `String`, the document id is generated automatically when the entity is saved.
```

> If the value is null, and the property type is `String`, the Id is generated automatically.

Author: I don't think we should do that. It is implementation detail and could change.

> If the value is null, and the property type is `String`, the Id is generated automatically.

Reviewer: I see, but I think there still should be some general description of this generated ID. How would the user know if it is a sequence-based generation vs. random-based?

> NOTE: If the property annotated with `@DocumentId` is `null` and the property type is `String`, the document id is generated automatically when the entity is saved.

Reviewer 2: @dmitry-s Could the id field be an `Integer`? In that case, what happens if it's `null`?
It just seems odd that it's so specific to `String`.

Author: It can't be an `Integer`. The client library can generate `String` ids only.

Reviewer 2: Well, _we're_ actually generating the IDs, but yes, because they need to be very random, it only works for strings.

I would maybe clarifying by adding that ID auto-generation does not work for types other than `String`.

Author: Actually we only support `String` ids. I'll document this.

This annotation is optional, by default the collection name is derived from the class name.

`@DocumentId` annotation marks a field to be used as document id. This annotation is required.

> NOTE: If the property annotated with `@DocumentId` is `null` and the property type is `String`, the document id is generated automatically when the entity is saved.

Reviewer: Add a new line above the `NOTE:` so that it gets rendered correctly as a note in the asciidoc.

Reviewer 2: @dmitry-s This is still not addressed. It won't render correctly otherwise.

NOTE: Custom queries with `@Query` annotation are not supported since there is no query language in Cloud Firestore

=== Firestore Operations & Template

`FirestoreOperations` and its implementation, `FirestoreTemplate`, provides the Template pattern familiar to Spring developers.

> Using the auto-configuration provided by Spring Data Cloud Firestore, your Spring application context will contain a fully configured `FirestoreTemplate` object that you can autowire in your application:

Reviewer 2: What not recommend autowiring `FirestoreOperations`?

Author: switched to `FirestoreOperations`

	@Autowired
	FirestoreTemplate firestoreTemplate;

	public Mono<User> createUsers() {
		return this.firestoreTemplate.save(new User("Alice", 29))

> 		.then(this.firestoreTemplate.save(new User("Bob", 60)));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			.then(this.firestoreTemplate.save(new User("Bob", 60)));
```
